feat: add fortune telling app (#62167)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-fortune-teller-app/68ed43f08c01c7bca5b4e66f.md

---
id: 68ed43f08c01c7bca5b4e66f
title: Step 20
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-20
---

# --description--

Now, do the same for the rest of the properties listed below. use the `getElement` function to select each one.

`multipleCardsBtn → "#btn-multiple-cards",`, `multipleCard → ".multiple_card"`, `title → ".title"`,
`newReadingBtn → ".btn_reveal"`, `fortuneContainer → ".fortune_container"`, `fortuneDescription → ".fortune_description"`,

> `headerTitle → ".header_title"`, `subTitle → ".sub_title"`, `cardTitle → ".desc_title"`, `description → ".description"`, `text → ".text"`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, do the same for the rest of the properties listed below. Use the `getElement` function to select each one: `multipleCardsBtn → "#btn-multiple-cards"`, `multipleCard → ".multiple_card"`, `title → ".title"`, `newReadingBtn → ".btn_reveal"`, `fortuneContainer → ".fortune_container"`, `fortuneDescription → ".fortune_description"`, `headerTitle → ".header_title"`, `subTitle → ".sub_title"`, `cardTitle → ".desc_title"`, `description → ".description"`, `text → ".text"`.
```

# --hints--

You should have accessed the `multipleCardBtn` by using the `getElement` method and passing `#btn-multiple-cards`.

```js
assert.match(code, /multipleCardsBtn\s*:\s*getElement\s*\(\s*['"]#btn-multiple-cards['"]\s*\)/);
```

> You should have accessed the `multipleCard` by using the `getElement` method and passing `multiple_card`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should access the `multipleCard` by using the `getElement` method and passing `.multiple_card`.
```

```js
assert.match(code, /multipleCard\s*:\s*getElement\s*\(\s*['"]\.multiple_card['"]\s*\)/);
```

You should have accessed the `title` by using the `getElement` method and passing `title`.

```js
assert.match(code, /title\s*:\s*getElement\s*\(\s*['"]\.title['"]\s*\)/);
```

> You should have accessed the `newReadingBtn` by using the `getElement` method and passing `btn_reveal`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should access the `newReadingBtn` by using the `getElement` method and passing `.btn_reveal`.
```

```js
assert.match(code, /newReadingBtn\s*:\s*getElement\s*\(\s*['"]\.btn_reveal['"]\s*\)/);
```

> You should have accessed the `fortuneContainer` by using the `getElement` method and passing `fortune_container`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should access the `fortuneContainer` by using the `getElement` method and passing `.fortune_container`.
```

```js
assert.match(code, /fortuneContainer\s*:\s*getElement\s*\(\s*['"]\.fortune_container['"]\s*\)/);
```

> You should have accessed the `fortuneDescription` by using the `getElement` method and passing `fortune_description`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should access the `fortuneDescription` by using the `getElement` method and passing `.fortune_description`.
```

```js
assert.match(code, /fortuneDescription\s*:\s*getElement\s*\(\s*['"]\.fortune_description['"]\s*\)/);
```

> You should have accessed the `headerTitle` by using the `getElement` method and passing `header_title`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should access the `headerTitle` by using the `getElement` method and passing `.header_title`.
```
